Fix Tile reference counting assertion with implicit tiling (#1179)
CesiumGS/cesium-native: CHANGES.md

- Renamed `SubtreeWriter::writeSubtree` to `SubtreeWriter::writeSubtreeJson`.
- `SubtreeAvailability::createEmpty` now requires a boolean parameter to set initial tile availability.

> - `Cesium3DTilesSelection::Tile` constructors taking initial empty or external content now also require that a `TileID` be supplied.

Reviewer: Nitpick:

```suggestion
- `Cesium3DTilesSelection::Tile` constructors that take initially empty or external content now also require a `TileID` to be supplied.
```
